<!--
Copyright (C) 2023 Florian Snow <florian@familysnow.net>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Affero General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along
with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2021 Florian Snow <florian@familysnow.net>

SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-or-later
-->
[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/floriansnow/aoc2023)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/floriansnow/aoc2023)

# Advent of Code 2023
This repo just contains my solutions for Advent of Code 2023.

## License
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Affero General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along
with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## REUSE
This repository is REUSE compliant (see badge above).  REUSE makes licensing
easy for humans and machines by making sure all the necessary information is
available in all necessary places and that humans and machines alike can process
the information easily.  For more information, please visit
[reuse.software](https://reuse.software/).
